ACE - Airline Customer Experience
=======================

To install this demo of Red Hat Process Automation Manager you need to do two things beforehand.

1. The demo uses the Telstra SMS API to send text messages, for which you need a client_id and a client_secret. You can get these by creating a (free) developer account at https://dev.telstra.com/. The REST task called "Get Auth Token" requires a 'Content" value similar to this: client_id=12345&client_secret=67890&grant_type=client_credentials&scope=NSMS where the client_id value replaces 12345 and the client_secret value replaces 67890.
2. The Google Translate Work item Handler requires a key as well. This needs to be placed in the MVEL statement defining the default handler that is in project settings for Deployments / Work item Hanlders: "new org.jbpm.process.workitem.google.translate.TranslateWorkitemHandler("XY5ezgm8ihrOO-AIzaSy9fx0jkJcJHTA-j-zQ8Ao"). This requires you to have a Google account. More information is available here: https://cloud.google.com/translate/

To run the demo you need to send a JSON payload to the RHPAM kie-server API. We have included sample Insomnia requests and cURL statements. Insomnia is a REST client that is very similar to Postman. It is available for Windows, MacOS, and Linux, and can be downloaded from https://insomnia.rest/download/. Note that you may need to edit some of the Insomnia environment variables to make the requests work if your URL for the RHPAM kie-server is different to the ones we have used. Likewise you may need to change the user name and password used for authorisation.